1. Started project end of week 1. Thought of initial idea of game and music store by creating a sketch flow Chart. Added user stories for accounts.

2. Week 2 - Added user stories for orders, customer summary, stock.

3. Week 3 - Added user stories for sold games, purchased games and Wishlist. Updated flow chart to include AI recommendations. Created ER diagram and Database Schema. Refactored Wishlist user story. Created initial API Specification tables. Login user story added and initial architecture diagram implemented.

4. Week 4 - Added Payments user story. Payments and music table added to database schema. Changed the idea of having PS4 and Xbox game types for random games to games that I have created that are all on the Windows platform. Refactored ER diagram and database schema to remove duplicate fields in multiple tables to prevent redundancy. Payments Service and AWS S3 bucket added to architecture diagram. Updated architecture node connections for FetchAPI, Payments Service PayPal Sandbox for more connection clarity. Refactored ER Diagram and database schema to encapsulate Customer, Employee and Manager tables into one table called Accounts to avoid duplicate fields. Added password field to accounts user story, ER Diagram and database table to use accounts service as login with password and email instead of separate unnecessary login service for login. Updated API Specification tables to remove redundancy for duplicate fields and added payments API table. New Flow Chart added for updated system flow. Updated architecture diagram to remove unnecessary login service.

5. Week 5 - Proposal questions answered and refactored. Started project by creating .devcontainer file for installing all required dependencies outlined from architecture diagram. Backend Spring Boot and Frontend React projects setup and imported packages. Gantt chart created to outline weeks of work to be completed. Microservices setup and implemented for backend. CRUD functionality added to microservices. Initial test setup for Account service to verify test harness is working. Gantt Chart updated.

6. Week 6 - Login configuration setup for account types. Database dummy data for insert statements implemented for all services. Implemented login functionality for password and email and tested login endpoint with account types. Increased account service details data types length for password and email login to work with login object. Account create, read, update and delete functionality and API testing implemented. DTO implemented for more secure data retrieval for email and password login. Role based Action Control implemented for all account service endpoints. Account service implemented.

7. Week 7 - Added password encryption and All Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) endpoints to all services security configurations. Fixed Spring Boot auto generating tables, creating database table overriding error. Fixed password encryption errors by initializing hashed passwords instead of plain text passwords in the database initialization script and fixing variable expansion error with git token for hashed passwords. Refactored Wishlist service endpoints to fix foreign key constraint error. Controller and service unit tests implemented for all services with 100% code coverage for all services. Replaced dummy data for all database tables with real game and music data, using placeholder data in products table. GitHub servers for code space goes down on 31st October. I setup VS code locally instead. Fixed internal DNS Error in remote container by pulling and pushing entire repository back to GitHub. Setup PayPal sandbox personal account, updated payments table with PayPal order id and implemented PayPal Sandbox API controller and security endpoints. Payments Service updated to create payments with PayPal Order id instead of payments table primary key to capture payments through PayPal API.

8. Week 8 - PostCreate script’s comment error fixed for local VS Code project setup. Foreign key errors fixed for Payments table. AWS S3 Keys for games and music files added to Products table for security and scalability. More unit tests implemented for Payments, Stock, CustomerSummary services to achiveve 100% code coverage. Integration tests added with 100% code coverage for the PayPal methods in the Payments Service. WebSocket configuration and integration for stock service implemented for real time stock updates. New password and hash for invalid credential 401 error with password fixed for stock service’s GET request. All frontend service connection files for FetchAPI to Spring Web implemented. Workspace folder field changed in .devcontainer file for project switch to Linux directory. Added a startup script in the Dockerfile to fix access denied error in gradle when trying to run spring boot applications. Fixed account role aunthentication error in accounts service by updating accountType field in database initialisation script.

9. Week 9 - Implemented Song card functionality for Customer screen. CORS configuration added to Controller classes to test front and backend communication working. CORS error fixed by enabling CORS. P resigned URL functionailty added for S3 keys to access S3 bucket. Fixed album cover image not resizing. Divs not displaying horizontally fixed. Music cover div repositioned. Second div row not scaling with window fixed. Second div positioning adjusted. Cards refactored for redesign. Pause/Play functionality added. Extraction script for S3 zip file for inserting songs into Products table working. Pause/play functionality for button working. Music player implemented for playing songs with Pause/Play button. Image and text display fixed for hovering only in image area instead of over its bottom area. Sidebar with empty navlinks and sidebar icon implemented. Menu functionality for sidebar open and closing implemented. Top Play and YouTube API backed endpoint retrieval functionality implemented for retrieving top 5 most viewed songs from my YouTube channel with music player playing and stopping songs with the play/pause buttons. Component redesign with color and div positioning updated for better layout.

10. Week 10 - Missing google packages for YouTube API setup added to Docker file. Environment variable setup scripts added and YouTube API service script updated so YouTube API service can fetch data through local and remote host URLs dynamically. Environment variable scripts added for frontend, backend and YouTube API services to retrieve YouTube API data from all services and check channel id and YouTube API key for validation. Devcontainer files updated for container to set up container in either local or remote host depending on the environment detected. Front-end API service updated and environment scripts added to retrieve local and remote host URLs from backend. Updated venv username for permission error fix when trying to run YouTube API service scripts. Updated devcontainer scripts to use DB host name for database setup in either local or remote host connections. Database initialization script updated to use DB host name for database connections and CORS configured for REST requests. Cards repositioned and mouse hover changed for song cards like other game cards. URL decoder added for handling encoded apostrophes causing songs not to play to try and fix YouTube API data not loading. Updated database S3 file URLs to have smart quote encoding to fix YouTube API data not being retrieved from URLs with a apostrophe in them. "Add to Cart" buttons added and vite configuration fixed for page not refreshing change. Devcontainer file updated to always initialize database on startup instead of only initializing table if database data volume persists. Music cover images added to TopPlay component songs.

11. Week 11 - No work completed

12. Week 12 - Right margin updated for TopChartCard component for better display. Cloud animation video created for cover image in music cards. Cloud masking improved for cloud animation and python packages added to docker-file. Cloud animation script updated to render clouds over sky properly and grass overlay added to remove the grass from the sky layer. Cloud animation recorder script implemented. puppeteer and ffmpeg added to devcontainer file. Cloud animation for video integrated into SongCard and TopPlay components and puppeteer and ffmpeg errors with container load up failing fixed. Audio-reactive object detection logic implemented and S3 CORS configured to fix S3 Bucket CORS error. Cloud animation speed increased and video loading in spinning track cover art with cross origin fix. Object detection enhanced to detect full sky instead of just the top of sky by retrieving pixel data from the image to create overlay for sky pixels, detecting only blue pixels for the blue sky in the image and maximise video window implemented, syncing color changes with video cards in SongCard and TopPlay components. Duplicated songs removed from database Products table.


