1. Started project end of week 1. Thought of initial idea of game and music store by creating a sketch flow Chart. Added user stories for accounts.

2. Week 2 - Added user stories for orders, customer summary, stock.

3. Week 3 - Added user stories for sold games, purchased games and Wishlist. Updated flow chart to include AI recommendations. Created ER diagram and Database Schema. Refactored Wishlist user story. Created initial API Specification tables. Login user story added and initial architecture diagram implemented.

4. Week 4 - Added Payments user story. Payments and music table added to database schema. Changed the idea of having PS4 and Xbox game types for random games to games that I have created that are all on the Windows platform. Refactored ER diagram and database schema to remove duplicate fields in multiple tables to prevent redundancy. Payments Service and AWS S3 bucket added to architecture diagram. Updated architecture node connections for FetchAPI, Payments Service PayPal Sandbox for more connection clarity. Refactored ER Diagram and database schema to encapsulate Customer, Employee and Manager tables into one table called Accounts to avoid duplicate fields. Added password field to accounts user story, ER Diagram and database table to use accounts service as login with password and email instead of separate unnecessary login service for login. Updated API Specification tables to remove redundancy for duplicate fields and added payments API table. New Flow Chart added for updated system flow. Updated architecture diagram to remove unnecessary login service.

5. Week 5 - Proposal questions answered and refactored. Started project by creating .devcontainer file for installing all required dependencies outlined from architecture diagram. Backend Spring Boot and Frontend React projects setup and imported packages. Gantt chart created to outline weeks of work to be completed. Microservices setup and implemented for backend. CRUD functionality added to microservices. Initial test setup for Account service to verify test harness is working. Gantt Chart updated.

6. Week 6 - Login configuration setup for account types. Database dummy data for insert statements implemented for all services. Implemented login functionality for password and email and tested login endpoint with account types. Increased account service details data types length for password and email login to work with login object. Account create, read, update and delete functionality and API testing implemented. DTO implemented for more secure data retrieval for email and password login. Role based Action Control implemented for all account service endpoints. Account service implemented.

7. Week 7 - Added password encryption and All Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) endpoints to all services security configurations. Fixed Spring Boot auto generating tables, creating database table overriding error. Fixed password encryption errors by initializing hashed passwords instead of plain text passwords in the database initialization script and fixing variable expansion error with git token for hashed passwords. Refactored Wishlist service endpoints to fix foreign key constraint error. Controller and service unit tests implemented for all services with 100% code coverage for all services. Replaced dummy data for all database tables with real game and music data, using placeholder data in products table. GitHub servers for code space goes down on 31st October. I setup VS code locally instead. Fixed internal DNS Error in remote container by pulling and pushing entire repository back to GitHub. Setup PayPal sandbox personal account, updated payments table with PayPal order id and implemented PayPal Sandbox API controller and security endpoints. Payments Service updated to create payments with PayPal Order id instead of payments table primary key to capture payments through PayPal API.

8. Week 8 - PostCreate script’s comment error fixed for local VS Code project setup. Foreign key errors fixed for Payments table. AWS S3 Keys for games and music files added to Products table for security and scalability. More unit tests implemented for Payments, Stock, CustomerSummary services to achieve 100% code coverage. Integration tests added with 100% code coverage for the PayPal methods in the Payments Service. WebSocket configuration and integration for stock service implemented for real time stock updates. New password and hash for invalid credential 401 error with password fixed for stock service’s GET request. All frontend service connection files for FetchAPI to Spring Web implemented. Workspace folder field changed in .devcontainer file for project switch to Linux directory. Added a startup script in the Dockerfile to fix access denied error in Gradle when trying to run spring boot applications. Fixed account role authentication error in accounts service by updating accountType field in database initialization script.

9. Week 9 - Implemented Song card functionality for Customer screen. CORS configuration added to Controller classes to test front and backend communication working. CORS error fixed by enabling CORS. P resigned URL functionality added for S3 keys to access S3 bucket. Fixed album cover image not resizing. Divs not displaying horizontally fixed. Music cover div repositioned. Second div row not scaling with window fixed. Second div positioning adjusted. Cards refactored for redesign. Pause/Play functionality added. Extraction script for S3 zip file for inserting songs into Products table working. Pause/play functionality for button working. Music player implemented for playing songs with Pause/Play button. Image and text display fixed for hovering only in image area instead of over its bottom area. Sidebar with empty navlinks and sidebar icon implemented. Menu functionality for sidebar open and closing implemented. Top Play and YouTube API backed endpoint retrieval functionality implemented for retrieving top 5 most viewed songs from my YouTube channel with music player playing and stopping songs with the play/pause buttons. Component redesign with color and div positioning updated for better layout.

10. Week 10 - Missing google packages for YouTube API setup added to Docker file. Environment variable setup scripts added and YouTube API service script updated so YouTube API service can fetch data through local and remote host URLs dynamically. Environment variable scripts added for frontend, backend and YouTube API services to retrieve YouTube API data from all services and check channel id and YouTube API key for validation. Devcontainer files updated for container to set up container in either local or remote host depending on the environment detected. Front-end API service updated and environment scripts added to retrieve local and remote host URLs from backend. Updated venv username for permission error fix when trying to run YouTube API service scripts. Updated devcontainer scripts to use DB host name for database setup in either local or remote host connections. Database initialization script updated to use DB host name for database connections and CORS configured for REST requests. Cards repositioned and mouse hover changed for song cards like other game cards. URL decoder added for handling encoded apostrophes causing songs not to play to try and fix YouTube API data not loading. Updated database S3 file URLs to have smart quote encoding to fix YouTube API data not being retrieved from URLs with a apostrophe in them. "Add to Cart" buttons added and vite configuration fixed for page not refreshing change. Devcontainer file updated to always initialize database on startup instead of only initializing table if database data volume persists. Music cover images added to TopPlay component songs.

11. Week 11 - No work completed

12. Week 12 - Right margin updated for TopChartCard component for better display. Cloud animation video created for cover image in music cards. Cloud masking improved for cloud animation and python packages added to docker-file. Cloud animation script updated to render clouds over sky properly and grass overlay added to remove the grass from the sky layer. Cloud animation recorder script implemented. puppeteer and ffmpeg added to devcontainer file. Cloud animation for video integrated into SongCard and TopPlay components and puppeteer and ffmpeg errors with container load up failing fixed. Audio-reactive object detection logic implemented and S3 CORS configured to fix S3 Bucket CORS error. Cloud animation speed increased and video loading in spinning track cover art with cross origin fix. Object detection enhanced to detect full sky instead of just the top of sky by retrieving pixel data from the image to create overlay for sky pixels, detecting only blue pixels for the blue sky in the image and maximize video window implemented, syncing color changes with video cards in SongCard and TopPlay components. Duplicated songs removed from database Products table.

13. Week 13 - Create and approve functions implemented for PayPal button functionality. Dockerfiles created for each microservice so environment doesn't crash when more than one microservice is running. Tried disabling DEBUG and TRACE logging to stop microservices crashing when ran simultaneously fix attempt but didn’t work. Microservices not running together fixed by running each microservice in their own container outside of VS Code. Payment functionality working with orders and product id’s in Payments table linking to Order, Product and Account tables. Smart audio  visualizer functionality implemented for tempo, energy, mood and dance comparisons of current playing song with other songs. Updated Docker compose files database host to fix port conflicts with external docker container. updated setup script’s database host to connect to external docker container. Fixed maximize window not opening by passing video model’s opening and playing props to the VideoModal component. Files and folders restructured and YouTube API logic decoupled for better code and folder readability. Cart and payment summary functionality added.

14. Week 14 - Updated mock data with database data from AudioFeatures table and added throttle for visible song display in recommendation visualizer. Fixed browser bug causing the video URLs to not load in one of the recommendation cards by using music icon instead. Added slider for reducing tempo of currently playing song and used similarity score from the current tempo of the currently playing to create recommendations for audio visualizer. Fixed song recommendations not showing. Added memory cache for database queries for recommendations to update them faster based on tempo change. Added missing package for database connection for AI service in external container for recommendation song features to update in real-time with tempo slider. Fine tuned audio detection values to detect less of melodies and bass and added stutter and video invert effects for drum glitch effects

15. Week 15 - Break

16. Week 16 - Fixed music player components visibility for small and large screen devices. Fixed padding for similarity score badge and scrollbar visibility. Added real audio feature data from S3 wav files for AudioFeatures table. Implemented song cards for Similar Songs component. Fix cover art and audio not playing error. Recommendation Visualizer implemented with audio features updating in both SimiliarSong and CustomerScreen components. TopChart component implemented and visualizers for all components matching their mood color audio features and resizing with the window. Moved current playing song features to spinner div in CustomerScreen component. Updated songs and audio feature scripts to download updated songs from S3 and extract audio features from Products table instead of S3 audio files. Fixed syntax errors in database causing images and recommendations to not load. Visualizers text and color for mood and simialirty indicators updated and songs downloading for purchase functionality.

17. Week 17 - Added TopPlay component play count and play button icon to SongCard component. GitHub Actions workflow file setup. Updated tests for Product Controller functions and AWS S3 mock data. Private S3 bucket configured for presigned URL access through AI service. Fixed ai service docker image not loading video files from private S3 bucket in TopPlay component. Fixed CORS from preventing detection on any video. File structure updated for audio service and detection fix attempt for restarting detection on new played song. Ngrok setup for remote access. File and folder restructure for easier project readability. Updated architecture diagram for Docker and Ngrok use. Gantt Chart for semester 2 implemented. Removed heavy load and unused python packages for docker containers to build faster on new machines. Railway setup for app deployment. Nose updated for build to work in Railway. Added Dockerfile for build to work with Node 20. Used 
VITE_AUDIO_SERVICE_URL env variable for production to fix Vercel connection. Local host host removal for backend VITE configurations. Added Vercel production domain to CORS to allow origins. Fixed Railway CORS error by enabling CorsConfigurationSource in products-service and added Railway domain regex in audio service. Added Railway database initialization script to fix empty railway database. Removed responsive breakpoints for consistent layout on all devices. Fixed game card buttons to match music card layout. Removed hardcoded database and AWS credentials to protect sensitive environment variable data. Removed unused YouTube API functionality from entire code base. Fixed visualizer recommendation display with compact layout for sidebar. Applied compact styling and scroll ability to SimilarSongs and TopCharts visualizers. Added responsive breakpoints for mobile view on all pages. Hid visualizer sidebar on mobile to prevent overlapping cards. Moved visualizer to bottom of page for mobile view. Added hamburger menu for mobile navigation. Fixed mobile play buttons and added better error handling for iTunes API. Added delay between iTunes API requests and timeout to prevent rate limiting for missing songs to show on mobile. Fixed video display on mobile by showing video immediately while canvas loads. Added Vercel.json to fix SPA routing on page refresh. Fixed CORS to allow Vercel preview deployments. Fixed 403 error with outdated pre-signed URL signature. Removed scrollbars from all recommendation visualizers. Visualizer size decreased to be viewable on laptop screen. Updated environment URL's to run application in localhost. Added build configuration to vercel JSON to install dependencies before building. Added root vercel.json for GitHub deployments. Added danceability feature to all visualizers recommendation lists and adjusted elements sizes for better readability on all device sizes. Added play/pause icons to SimilarSongs and TopCharts SongCard components and fixed artist label name resizing. Fixed cache issue with Discover page's visualizer spinner. Fixed onset detection for createMediaElementSource function reuse and added canvas shake and sky pixel distortion glitch effects for detected glitch onsets. Volume bar hidden on IOS mobile devices due to IOS restrictions. Decreased the detection sensitivity, slowed it down based on the playback speed slider input and added the LFC method to detect kick drums. Updated IOS volume bar text and discover visualizer text. Added visualizer buttons for all visualizer pages so mobile users don't have to scroll down to see the visualizer. Visualizer Text Updated.

18. Week 18 - Replaced artist-grouped display and fake random scores with shuffled display and real ML-computed similarity scores. Added top 20 similar song functionality for artist songs. Added artist details, album details and song details for all song card components and resized visualizer only pages for better desktop display. Added search bar functionality and updated SimilarSongs component’s back button. Reset playback rate for newly played song. Removed all unused imports, components and functions from code-space. Removed all game product logic because of missing game build files and fixed ML similarity not computing songs fast enough in SongDetails component by reducing sliced songs. Added comments to audio service functions and removed unused ones for readability.

19. Week 19 - Updated scaler normalization to be trained to use best normalization object for song similarity. Increased sample size for training scaler parameters to prevent under-fitting. Added logging to see if validation scores for scaler objects are accurate. Increased feature vector and dataset size for more generalized training and validation scores and added graph component to visualize data with genre clusters. Extracted proper artist songs for overall feature vector similarity instead of random songs. Fixed SimilarSongs and TopCharts components similarity logic to extract real features instead of pseudo features for visualizers and song card similarity scores.

20. Week 20 - Decoupled audio service code for better readability. Fixed visualizer recommending incorrect library and artist songs and similarity scores for artist songs. Removed visualizer from search and added 0% cap in SimilarSongs component. Fixed similarity scores in visualizers not updating. Fixed SongDetails component not loading songs in Discover page. Fixed recommendations not dynamically updating by sending database cache to the frontend. Fixed similarity scores for all visualizers to update dynamically in frontend. Removed probability score for searched artist in search component. Added comments to Search component for readability. Implemented Firebase Authentication for backend accounts service and frontend register and login components. Fixed login for database users. Added Firebase id to backend services account models. Fixed songs not loading in TopPlay component. Fixed foreign key error in Products table for library songs not loading in Discover page. Fixed Discover page songs not loading for localhost URL. Fixed songs not loading in TopCharts and SimilarSongs components for localhost again. Fixed registered user details not being stored in Accounts table. Created purchase history persistence and loading correct purchase history data for logged in user. Changed login background colors and changed CustomerScreen component logged in name to first name. Added env variables for hardcoded Firebase values.

21. Week 21 - Added google account registering and login. Added cross-validation to the KNN Classifier to determine the optimal neighbor count (k) for the most accurate genre prediction. Added K-Means Clustering instead of genres clustering for better vector clustering. Increased clustering and added PCA to reduce noise. Fixed incorrect song folder URL for AWS songs in product table's rows and fixed dynamic play count display not updating dynamically. Removed double normalization, used KNN cross-validation accuracy scores and cluster labels instead of genre-artist combos for more accurate scaler scores. Implemented decision boundary map for data points to better visualize under and overfitted features. Removed authentication headers from orders service for payments to process without invalid google password throwing a 401. Removed duplicated song data in Products table. Added updated Products, Audio Service, Accounts and Payments data to database container and deployment initialization scripts.

22. Week 22 - Added comments to ML training pipeline and fixed feature set to use all 11 features for training instead of fallback values for some features. Added test score to MLVisualization component. Fixed test score not showing in MLVisualization component. Added ensemble and 3 other models for model training. Fixed feature extraction for 20 library songs. Added all database audio features to feature set for ML training and feature extraction. Added Wishlist component for saving library songs to a wish list, wish list counter, price drop notifications, wishlist share link and wishlist product tracking for manager. Fixed price drop functionality and product tracking for multiple users wish listed products. Added new audio features data from docker container to init scripts and removed dummy tables insert test data in init scripts so real user data can be inserted into local and deployed app's database versions. Added qubit mode button for qubit panning on songs and window sliding animation for qubit mode button's on and off state. Fixed wish listed products not being saved in database, Price Alerts and Product Tracking for newly registered Basic Auth or Firebase user.

23. Week 23 - Built Ensemble with dynamic weights to ensure the strongest model dominates the vote so it is the chosen model. Fixed SongCard component's text and button positions to be inline with all cards rows and fixed apostrophe encoding for SongCards song titles. Created audio features text dump file for AudioFeatures table insert statements to be copied into database initialisation scripts AudioFeatures table. Added full screen video overlay for library songs and disabled playback speed slider for non active cards so text and buttons are on the same row for all song cards. Added UI cart button and song price text to SongDetails and Search library song card components. Added user interactions, customer summary and sold products functionality for manager user. Added purchase history and stock availability functionality for employee and manager users. Added scrollbar to sidebar for mobile user view, added song details navigation to SongDetails component and added live products refresh to show most popular artist pop and electronic iTunes songs for stock availability viewing. Created spectrogram component for song creation and library and artist song energy recording for remixing using the ΔMi−1 equation. Removed unnecessary foreign keys from database frontend components so manager and employee can understand a customers store details.


